Dad, are you really going back to the countryside?
Those people will definitely take revenge on your mother and go back to your hometown
So as not to be caught by them and become the handle to blackmail you
But mom
Son, if you really miss your mother
I'll go back with Mochu to see you then
Okay, got it, mom.
Patronage please
It is my honor to return to my hometown in a hurry to ask Dr. Chen's mother
Mom
You must call me when you arrive. Don't worry.
I'll keep calling you and Mojiu
You two have to take care of each other
By the way, Dr. Chen
Wait until I finish delivering your mother
Come back and show you the villa.
Villa what villa
I want to buy a villa in Yunhai Mountain
Is he for bowls and bowls?
What is Sister Mu Qiu thinking?
Didn't think of anything
So early
I have to go to the hospital.
I have an important patient waiting for me today
I'm leaving